OSDOCS-4302: Adds notes for 4.11.8 release (#51395)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-11-release-notes.adoc

// TODO: This known issue should carry forward to 4.9 and beyond!
* The `oc annotate` command does not work for LDAP group names that contain an equal sign (`=`), because the command uses the equal sign as a delimiter between the annotation name and value. As a workaround, use `oc patch` or `oc edit` to add the annotation. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1917280[*BZ#1917280*])

> * In the monitoring stack, if you have enabled and deployed a dedicated Alertmanager instance for user-defined alerts, you cannot silence alerts in the *Developer* perspective in the {product-title} web console. This issue has been fixed in 4.11.8. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2100860[*BZ#2100860*])

Reviewer: Wanted to ask if there's a reason why "Developer" in developer perspective is bold and capitalized? I have not seen it as such elsewhere in docs, but if it is apologize! :)

Reviewer: Got ya I see now! Thanks!

[id="ocp-4-11-7-updating"]
==== Updating

To update an existing {product-title} 4.11 cluster to this latest release, see xref:../updating/updating-cluster-cli.adoc[Updating a cluster using the CLI] for instructions.

[id="ocp-4-11-8"]
=== RHBA-2022:6809 - {product-title} 4.11.8 bug fix update

Issued: 2022-10-10

{product-title} release 4.11.8 is now available. The list of bug fixes that are included in the update is documented in the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-2022:6809[RHBA-2022:6809] advisory. The RPM packages that are included in the update are provided by the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-2022:6808[RHBA-2022:6808] advisory.

You can view the container images in this release by running the following command:

[source,terminal]
----
$ oc adm release info 4.11.8 --pullspecs
----

[id="ocp-4-11-8-bug-fixes"]
==== Bug fixes

> * Previously, in the monitoring stack, if you have enabled and deployed a dedicated Alertmanager instance for user-defined alerts, you cannot silence alerts in the Developer perspective in the OpenShift Container Platform web console. With this update, user-defined alerts can be silenced from the Developer perspective. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-1790[*OCPBUGS-1790*])

Reviewer: Same question as above in terms of "Developer" being capitalized.

Author: See comment above

> * Previously, in the monitoring stack, if you have enabled and deployed a dedicated Alertmanager instance for user-defined alerts, you cannot silence alerts in the Developer perspective in the OpenShift Container Platform web console. With this update, user-defined alerts can be silenced from the Developer perspective. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-1790[*OCPBUGS-1790*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Previously, in the monitoring stack, if you have enabled and deployed a dedicated Alertmanager instance for user-defined alerts, you cannot silence alerts in the Developer perspective in the {product-title} web console. With this update, user-defined alerts can be silenced from the Developer perspective. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-1790[*OCPBUGS-1790*])
```

Author: Whoops! Thanks for catching. I missed with copy/paste.

Reviewer: No problem!
